feat(config): expose `html.parser.vue` (#9366)
biomejs/biome: .changeset/expose-html-parser-vue-option.md

---
"@biomejs/biome": minor
---

> Exposed the `html.parser.vue` configuration option. This option enables parsing of Vue syntax (directives like `v-if`, `v-bind`, etc.) in `.html` files. Most Vue users don't need to enable this option since Vue files typically use the `.vue` extension, but it can be useful for projects that embed Vue syntax in regular HTML files.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Added a new option `html.parser.vue`. When enabled, it adds support for Vue syntax in `.html` files. Most Vue users don't need to enable this option since Vue files typically use the `.vue` extension, but it can be useful for projects that embed Vue syntax in regular HTML files.

With the following configuration:
```json5
// biome.json
{
	"html": {
		"parser": {
			"vue": true
		}
	}
}

The following HTML doesn't throw a parse error:
```html
<div v-if="show">{{ message }}</div>
```
````
